when you are filming a video and you're
on the street in Brooklyn you got 20
dudes with the other are wearing red
rags that's that's a big old statement
you can't understate how important that
is in hip-hop people are basically
watching like gang porn a lot of people
who watch rap videos so that's it but
it's game point well give them in the
streets with the shirts off yeah and
then they want to see that once is
should they addicted to nonsense boom I
feel like this as a rapper and most
rappers write his okay and this is girls
the up-and-coming artist I told one of
my fans this recently he was like yo
check out my music and I just had to
tell him the truth I was like yo are you
making music because you think that's
cool or are you thinking about the
impact that it's gonna have when you're
following when it does blow up and I
think a lot of rappers don't things like
that a lot of rappers don't think what
impact what impact is the music don't
have on the next generation and you know
rappers are like we don't have no more
leaders we don't have no more Malcolm
X's we don't have no more Martin Luther
King's we'll have no more you know uh
q EPS will happen more that we got
rappers now rappers and basketball
players and celebrities and [ __ ] like
that
so those are people who are leading the
youth from our perspective local
government will allow for the most
consensus and will allow us to prevent
coercion that occurs when large
centralized states have power over
sprawling populations
aside from abolishing the police prisons
will also be abolished
rather than ship depots class enemies
off to inhumane GU lags or otherwise
seek out revenge they should be placed
in reform centers where they are able to
live in comfort and benefit from
counseling and education no need for
money teaching them about the benefits
of our new society some may never be
willing to give up their abuses and
these diehard oppressors would need to
be secluded perhaps indefinitely but how
would individuals and communes be able
to self organize well the same way
corporations do it today by contract no
need for money at the individual level
as soon as someone joins a community
with their communes this contract will
stipulate what the communities to
provide to the new member food clothing
shelter and so on and will outline the
responsibilities the new communities to
take on for the
the individual will agree to contribute
to the communal labor that is required
to keep society functioning say there's
a small town consisting of about 10
communes roughly a hundred thousand
people let's call it bread town the
communes of bread town could work out a
cooperative contract to build and
maintain a bus system for example each
commune would provide certain resources
or personnel in exchange for enjoying
access to the bus lines note that using
this system there's simply no need for
money money would be totally obsolete in
a contract based anarchist economy the
same way corporations do it today by
contract no need for money by contract
coercion by contract no need for money
council members will be chosen at random
say every three months or so aside from
abolishing the police prisons will also
be abolished the same way corporations
do it today prison prison cruising
perhaps indefinitely no need for money
the individual will agree to contribute
to the communal labor placed in reform
centres teaching them about the benefits
of our new society coercion no need for
money but I'm a gold left field and I'm
about I'm actually gonna get crucified
for this but this is gonna go viral we
ready to go viral I would a snitch -
brilliant yeah I think t-pain say how to
snitch - I'm gonna tell you why yeah
i'ma tell you what I'm tired of I'm
tired of game bankers why is that I'm
just tired of gang bangers I'm tired of
all these fake hood [ __ ] I'm tired of
all these fake real [ __ ] Street [ __ ]
I'm just tired of it I'm gonna tell you
I'm tired of it everybody's super real
until it's time to really be real how do
we got so many killers and real goons
but we don't have real guns and real
killers good I'm saying let's change the
agenda bro let's put a message out there
that really matters
get all these fake [ __ ] ought to
Street a snitch on everybody [ __ ] get
off the street my [ __ ] do you know back
someone who stays who know that this is
a video about political philosophy so
you're gonna have to excuse me if I get
just slightly philosophical about it if
you believe in a given destination in
politics I dare not say utopia but
there's some objective if there's some
outcome you
achieve I'd invite you to challenge
yourself are you really comfortable with
the steps along the way that lead to
that destination are you comfortable
with the incremental and imperfect
changes that would be necessary between
now and then or do you just believe in
the ideal in an abstract and isolated
way do you maybe feel uncomfortable when
you start to look at the process that
would lead to that ideal if so there's
something for you to examine there
there's some kind of contradiction
within yourself that you still need to
learn from when you talk to right-wing
anarchists when you talk to an Arco
capitalists for example they believe in
a kind of utopian ideal destination and
they feel no sense of contradiction it
then agreeing to the truly horrible
series of steps that are necessary on
the way to that destination so when you
talk to an Urkel capitalists right
right-wing anarchists they won't
hesitate to say that they would be happy
to see medical care abolished like any
government involvement with providing
free medical care for the poor free
prescription drug support they're happy
to get rid of them even though of course
it'll make our society more unequal it
will make life worse for the poor
especially makes life worse worse for
the rich - when you really think about
it um but they believe in this principle
of wanting to have small government or
no government at all so each of the
incremental things they can do shrinking
and abolishing government long way
they're happy with that of course this
leads to innumerable absurdities but we
can say at least they're consistent when
you talk to anarcho-capitalists and you
say hey look man are you really happy to
live in a society where there is no
sewage system because you abolished the
government role in providing sewage and
the government role in coercing people
into obeying the laws concerning sewage
to make the whole sewage system workers
yes yes y'all it's all involves
authoritarianism and coercion otherwise
people get cholera and they don't have
clean running water coming out of their
taps and dirty water all go into the
same sewage treatment plant and taxes
collected to pay for the treatment the
beauty of top-down unequal not anarchist
government those guys the right-wing
anarchists the integral calculus and
someone they will without hesitation say
yes they would prefer to live in a
country or in a situation where
individuals just have to cope with their
own sewage somehow even if I guess
that's gonna mean a lot of people going
around with wheelbarrows full of sewage
and this kind of thing they approve on
each of those steps along the way no
matter how absurd because they believe
in that consistently leading up that
destination now in most of those
discussions I don't even feel the need
to refute the other side I just feel
that if the conversation illustrates
what their position is almost nobody is
going to support their political
movement and therefore their political
movement ceases to be dangerous the
left-wing anarchists the anarchic
communists are much more dangerous and
they're much more self contradictory
what they present you with again and
again is the illusion of a highly
organized highly centralized socialist
society with incredibly generous
benefits for the poor with every
possible social service the people the
people they refuse to call the police do
all the work the police do and more they
have unlimited patience and care and
love and tenderness to take care of drug
addicts and yet absolutely no use of
coercion or violence against drug
addicts it's just this you know infinite
budget infinitely caring infinitely
patient
centralized communist state but they
don't call it a communist centralized
state they try to convince themselves
that it's not communist at all
because it's an OCO communism and that
it's not a stain at all then it's not a
government at all simply through the
changing of names said oh no no no no
that's not that's not a government
that's a People's Council oh no these
aren't police officers they're just the
representatives of the People's Council
and this gun thing it's really that
stupid
but moreover if you can sit down with
one of those people and talk to them
one-on-one they will never be able to
accept the sequence of steps leading to
the destination that the right-wingers
that the anarcho-capitalist are willing
to accept if you confront them with
these same things look if you genuinely
believe that government authority is a
bad thing then you must believe that the
government providing health care to the
poor is a bad thing you must believe
that the government providing education
to the poor is a bad thing think about
what will happen if you abolish the role
of government in education right
yes there's a critique of government
education there's good and bad to be
said about it but think about the
unbelievable disadvantage you're putting
all people in society at when you remove
the role of government not just in
providing access to education for the
poor but in providing an equal unbiased
non-racist education no on a religious
education education that isn't run by
the Catholic Church or by a Muslim
organization this is a huge fundamental
role achieved in your society and if you
as a so-called left-wing anarchist if
you as an intrical communists are
against that
you must be in favor of abolishing that
system you can't just promise me that in
your eventual utopia somehow the
goodness of human nature is going to
provide a decentralized alternative
that's way better if you're not really
at peace with this series of steps
leading that destination you need to
really re-examine your ideological
belief in the destination I think that
the most sincere and most authentic
anarchists are the anarchic primitive
ESTs the an ago primitive s take the
position that authority in society is
bad and that they would therefore prefer
to revert to like Bronze Age conditions
which is barbarism just people living
out of caves black basically no
technology whatsoever
some of them
want to get rid of farming the they
think you should go back all the way
into the Stone Age just hunting and
gathering because as soon as you get
into large-scale farming even with no
technology even with just stone tools
then you start having centralized
Authority you start having little
nations and tribes and would have you
know so their their ideal Society is
just small basically isolated families
living in caves and huts scattered
around the surface of planet Earth so
this is setting back the clock tens of
thousands of years so those guys are
logically consistent they want that
destination so if you ask them hey do
you want to get rid of the sewage system
you want to get rid of education do you
want to get rid of the role of
government coercion in preventing racism
and Prejudice they want to get rid of
all of it and they are willing to accept
the consequence that they'll return to
having a society where people die of
Cholera where there's no clean running
water there's no way to take a shower
where we go back to a state of nature
red in tooth and fang it's logically
consistent but again there's almost no
need to debate it or refute it because
if you just let them explain that
ideology in its own terms
incredibly few people will ever support
it voices here on youtube like
non-compete they are dangerous they are
gonna ruin people's lives as much as I
can say and remember this channel I've
criticized a white hup-ho cheaper okay
in as much as any political ideology is
gonna ruin people's lives in the next 20
years
the ideology non-compete is presenting
is going to ruin people's lives but
worse than that it's gonna train people
to live in a constant state of
dishonesty with themselves and others
the contradictions within that ideology
are obvious to an outsider but the
people within the ideology are oblivious
to the contradictions the purpose of an
ideology is not to be perfect it's to
provide people with a clear sense of the
destination they're working towards and
what type of means they will and will
not employ but in the case of left-wing
anarchism in the case of
anarcho-communism all three are bad the
destination the
and worst of all the kind of excuses and
self-deception people have to make with
themselves in order to believe that
there's any consistency between the
socialist utopia they believe in and the
abolition of the government itself as a
means to that end
[Music]